#labels Featured
_How can you help nTorrent?_

= Introduction =

nTorrent is growing, and it could use your help!


= Project support =

If you are more of a people person, we could use some help on wiki pages,project documentation, howto's/guides and such and also discussion group moderators/managers.Contact me and/or request for project membership.

= Application tester =

As i prepare for the next release of nTorrent i could use some help on discovering the most critical bugs and issues and also people who can verify fixed issues on the issues tab. If you are interested in signing up as a tester. please request to join the ntorrent-testers group. More information can be found [http://groups.google.com/group/ntorrent-testers/web/the-testers-responsibility here.]

= Translations =

nTorrent is as we speak implementing a new Locale system, and it's seeking people who can help with submitting application translation. If you are interested in being a translation member, please request to join the ntorrent-translators group.

You will recieve notification when a new nTorrent release is around the corner and given information on where to find the files awaiting translation, and also how you should go about translating the files. For more information [http://groups.google.com/group/ntorrent-translators/web/ntorrent-locale-system click here.]

= Donations =

You like nTorrent, you wish to contribute, but for whatever reason you don't have the opportunity. Then why don't you consider a small donation to further the development progress?

[https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=kei060%40gmail%2ecom&item_name=nTorrent%20donation&no_shipping=1&cn=Optional%20message&tax=0&currency_code=USD&lc=NO&bn=PP%2dDonationsBF&charset=UTF%2d8 Make a donation.]