#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

For being able to connect to a _rTorrent_ on an other mashine

there are a quite few thinks that has to work.

This guide should help a bit.

= Details =

You will need the following things.
  # one rtorrent with XMLRPC support
  # corrent rtorrent settings
  # apache (or an other webserver) with scgi support
You can read about these in separate sections below.

== installing rTorrent ==
You can read more about this at: [QuickStart]

== rTorrent settings ==
You will need an .rtorrent.rc file in you home dir.
The following has to be set:
  scgi_port = localhost:5000
But if you want to access it from an other mashine than localhost,
then the following is nedded:
  scgi_port = :5000
Note: I think the port can be other than 5000, but I'm not sure.

== setting up apache with SCGI ==
1. You will need the packages:
libapache2-mod-scgi python-scgi

2. After installing these packages,
you will need to enable this module.
You have to create a link in the dir
  _/etc/apache2/mods-enabled_ named _scgi.load_
pointing to
  _/etc/apache2/mods-available/scgi.load_ 

3.
Add the following line to _/etc/apache/sites-available/default_ inside the _VirtualHost_:
  SCGIMount /RPC2 127.0.0.1:5000

4. restart apache for the changes to take effect
  /etc/init.d/apache2 restart

You should be now ready to connect with ntorrent.

You can check the listening ports with:
  netstat -l
You should see something like this:
{{{
  Active Internet connections (only servers)
  Proto Recv-Q Send-Q Local Address           Foreign Address         State      
  tcp        0      0 *:6666                  *:*                     LISTEN     
  tcp        0      0 localhost.localdo:mysql *:*                     LISTEN     
  tcp        0      0 *:www                   *:*                     LISTEN     
  tcp        0      0 *:rplay                 *:*                     LISTEN     
  tcp        0      0 *:ssh                   *:*                     LISTEN     
  tcp        0      0 localhost.localdom:smtp *:*                     LISTEN     
}}}
In this example 6666 is where rtorrent communicates with other torrent clients.

== setting up an nTorrent connection ==
{{{
protocol: HTTP
host: the IP address of the PC where _rTorrent_ is running (can be DNS name too?)
port: 5000 (or 80) ???
user: ???
pass: ???

}}}